built wrists
Mort trimmed John Coughlin Johnny Morris
and Walker Jacobson's perspective on the
channel 2 News at 6:00
good evening massive cutbacks in
personnel and in service are planned for
Cook County Hospital that word today
from hospital boss dr. James Horton who
says that an 18 million dollar deficit
is to blame
Mary Laney will have that report and in
Robbins Illinois the entire police force
is off the job under a suspension on
Robins village board investigates
charges against many of the policeman
charges including armed robbery auto
theft and burglary Burleigh Hines
covered that story also tonight Attorney
General Scott accuses a Chicago firm of
fraud for allegedly claiming to be the
Better Business Bureau Harry Porterfield
labyrinth Peter Nolan hits the campaign
trail for election 78 tonight a look at
the Republican primary contest for
controller and health and science editor
Roger field reports on a new drug used
in the treatment of epilepsy and I'm Bob
Wallace at a store called Metro golden
memories this was a copy of Life
magazine that's just about as old as I
am we'll take a look at nostalgia a
little later in this newscast first our
top story at this hour
Kolkata hospital asking the state of
Illinois for an emergency transfusion
the hospital needs 10 million dollars in
tardy Medicaid payments to keep from
making drastic patient service cutbacks
from Clark Gable's square jaw the fibber
McGee is closet Bob Wallace has the
story you can take as they meet the
challenges of the UConn
if you want to relive moments of a lost
youth visit this place Metro golden
memories in the fifty nine hundred block
of West Irving Park it is a treasure
trove of nostalgia from old radios to
recordings of old radio programs we fans
are not left out the days of the silver
screen still live here
and there's Riverside Chicago's premier
amusement park for decades
remember the Bob's and parachute jump
when Riverside closed in the late 60s
pictures tickets and other memorabilia
became collectors items
Metro golden memories is owned by Chuck
Shaden and Dave den wood they started
the shop two years ago both have been a
longtime nostalgia buffs and Shaitan
does a show every Saturday afternoon on
WN IB radio featuring old radio
broadcasts it was only natural they
would start a store like this
I found browsing through the store of
delight among items that caught my eye
were a copy of Life magazine that was
printed a few months after I was born it
originally sold for ten cents it's now
worth a dollar fifty and a giant book
featuring 66 of the Old Republic Studios
serials we used to watch every Saturday
afternoon at the local movie theater it
sells for $66 a buck a serial but what
will be big in the future there's a big
interest in science fiction movies today
Bob Star Wars and Close Encounters and
all of these sort of things like that in
all the you know they're doing a lot of
merchandising with it so all of that
merchandising the merchandise itself
will be collectible you were saying that
even TV guides will be collectible
someday oh sure because they represent
exactly the hour-by-hour programming on
television from 1978 and even though we
made today throw that TV Guide away 5 or
10 years from now you probably paid
twice or three times its cover price to
get a copy of it just to look at it and
say oh yeah I remember back in 1978 they
add this and that if you're anything
like me you've probably thrown away a
fortune over the years and old magazines
and other nostalgia items so a word of
it
save your Star Wars paraphernalia it'll
be worth some money someday may the
force be with you this is Bob Wallace at
Metro golden memories kind of
remembering for Channel 2 News
this the force showed up in southern
Illinois the snow force I was going to
say socked by another major snowstorm
Jean Coughlin will detail that in a
moment and also Johnny Morris will have
an interview with a man who works in the
snow skier Billy the Kid a little late